GH-123545: Remove duplicative `Py_DECREF` when handling `_PyOptimizer_Optimize` errors (#123546)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2024-09-01-00-02-05.gh-issue-123545.8nQNbL.rst

> Remove duplicative dereference counting in cases where call optimization errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a double-decref in rare cases where tier two optimization errors.
```

Author: Yeah, I thought about using "tier two" here but was worried that a significant number of folks wouldn't understand what that meant. Do you think the term is used broadly enough for the audience that reads these news entries?

Reviewer: Good point. Maybe rewrite to use the phrase "on experimental JIT builds"? That's what I've been using in my NEWS entries.

Reviewer 2: For me, tier 2 means tier 2 from PEP 11 so "experimental JIT builds" would be clearer for many users I think.

Author: Sounds good - thanks folks!
